feat: release 2.14.0 (#7057)
apache/apisix: CHANGELOG.md

- [0.7.0](#070)
- [0.6.0](#060)

## 2.14.0

### Change

- To adapt the change of OpenTelemetry spec, the default port of OTLP/HTTP is changed to 4318: [#7007](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/7007)

### Core

- Introduce an experimental feature to allow subscribing Kafka message via APISIX. This feature is based on the pubsub framework running above websocket:
    - [#7028](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/7028)
    - [#7032](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/7032)
- Introduce an experimental framework called xRPC to manage non-HTTP L7 traffic:
    - [#6885](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6885)
    - [#6901](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6901)
    - [#6919](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6919)
    - [#6960](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6960)
    - [#6965](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6965)
    - [#7040](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/7040)

> - Now we support adding delay according to the command & key during proxying Redistraffic, which is built above xRPC:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now we support adding delay according to the command & key during proxying Redis traffic, which is built above xRPC:
```
Would be better ?

    - [#6999](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6999)
- Introduce an experimental support to configure APISIX via xDS:
    - [#6614](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6614)
    - [#6759](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6759)

> - Add an option to normalize uri like servlet: [#6984](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6984)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `normalize_uri_like_servlet` option to normalize uri like servlet: [#6984](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6984)
```
Ditto
